For #139 - Pulls sentence about `yarn` into an info block (#142)
jhugman/uniffi-bindgen-react-native: docs/src/guides/pre-installation.md

Make sure you have a functional React Native environment including Node.js, Android Studio and Xcode. The [official documentation](https://reactnative.dev/docs/set-up-your-environment) contains steps to achieve this for different platforms.

`uniffi-bindgen-react-native` is designed to integrate with projects created with [react-native-builder-bob](https://github.com/callstack/react-native-builder-bob).

```admonish info

> The latter assumes that you have `yarn` installed. If you don't already, you can install it by following the [official documentation](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install).

Reviewer: Non-blocking: I think the context of "the latter" might get lost a little now that the sentence is in the box.

```suggestion
[react-native-builder-bob](https://github.com/callstack/react-native-builder-bob) assumes that you have `yarn` installed. If you don't already, you can install it by following the [official documentation](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install).
```
